# hello-world
Date: 10/30/21 - 
My First Repository
ApolloSolo here, 
This is my first of many repositories. I am a scientist and data analyst for a consulting firm in Charlotte North Carolina. My mid/long term goal is to take the enjoyment I get from dabbling in front end web development and turn that into a career. In the meantime, I am dedicating much of my time in honing my HTML and CSS skills. My experience in developing excel programs and writing python scripts has me confident that I can pick up and apply JavaScript concepts with a modest amount of practice. However, HTML and CSS has piqued my interest. There is certainly science behind understanding and applying well-structured/functional pages, but there is a subjective art aspect of it I am really enjoying. Perhaps it’s because I’m for from being an artist, but the challenge of applying CSS to a page, make it ascetically pleasing, and resting on your laurels once it comes together, has brough me much satisfaction in the past few weeks. 
After a few more weeks of CSS practice, I intend to move on to more JS related training and then move on over to React. I will begin attending a full stack bootcamp, through UNC Charlotte, on January 19th, 2022. I am excited to have finally found the resolve I needed to begin this awesome quest in becoming a developer. The journey will be arduous. Being a scientist and full time father/husband commands much of my waking hours. However, I know that putting my head down and relying on my grit, will propel me to my first development position. 
If you have taken the time to read this, I want to sincerely I give you my thanks. Time is a finite resource, which should be used with discretion.
Thank you
